Oh. my god. it's real.
Bernie. thanks for seeing me.
No worries. darling.
Can I get you something?
Shot of tequila. perhaps?
I'm good.
Are we alone?
Yeah.
Wait!
You should put on gloves.
The acetate's old.
The oil from your fingers
could damage it.
It's freezing.
You been keeping it
in the icebox or something?
Just run the spectrum analysis.
bernie. I need to know
If it's genuine. and whatever
you do. don't actually...
Listen to the damn thing.
You've made that clear.
Promise me. bernie.
Hear no evil. I swear.
I'll get you when I'm done.
Now sod off. luv.
I will be home as soon
as I can. honey.
I love you. mommy.
Oh.
¶ crows
¶ gonna fly...
Oh!
No!
Don't make me do it!
Hold it right there.
You zed?
John said you might show up.
Kind of hoped you wouldn't.
I gather that.
seeing how he didn't
Actually give me an address.
How did you find us?
Not a lot of millhouses
in atlanta.
John did say you
were persistent.
Yeah. well. found
a place to live downtown.
You'd better
get used to me.
Zed... that means
zero. right?
What kind of parents would
name their kid that?
Who says my parents named me?
Go on. then.
Let's... Say hi
To his satanic majesty.
Hear me!
Most unnameable of devourers!
Shmaynee la geree la geray
Ohkleen... He who guardeth
the eternal gateway...
Who natair yat aboola
Dahba...
I seek an audience with one
in your embrace!
What's he doing?
He's learning a spell.
Come on. I'll give you
The penny tour.
Evray metah b'pee mehabbaqaq!
The mill belonged
to an old friend.
He called it
a supernatural safe house.
Most of the stuff here's
too dangerous
To fall into the wrong hands.
It didn't seem this
big on the outside.
It's not.
I've been measuring the rooms.
Sometimes it's off a few inches.
Sometimes more.
That doesn't make any sense.
If you're looking for sense.
You stumbled down
the wrong rabbit hole.
Easy. mate.
Even I'm not ready
for that one yet.
I think what chas
meant was. um.
Don't go wandering around here
without a chaperone. all right?
Right.
Each one of these
stigmata represents
A place where
something bad is going down.
Supernatural brushfires.
if you will.
Me. chas and a few others?
We're the bucket brigade.
Is this your latest fire?
Bernie was a friend of mine.
No way in hell
he'd take his own life.
Doesn't mean his death
Was one of your stigmata.
Bernie lived in
the windy city.
And I don't believe
in coincidences.
Go on then.
See if you get a hit.
I smell jasmine.
She's a regular psychic
smorgasbord. this one.
Picks up impressions
from tactile stimuli.
Which I'm guessing is kind
of a buzzkill in the sack.
It's cold!
All right.
Well. I'll let you know
if any of that pans out.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
You're not ducking
out on me again.
You promised me you'd
teach me about my abilities.
Teaching you is one thing.
Letting you ride shotgun
On a spiritual scavenger hunt?
That's another beast. luv.
You said you didn't believe
In coincidences.
That's right.
And I show up just
when you're planning to leave.
This is my education.
The cab's still down.
It is.
You got a car?
A truck.
Knock yourself
out then. macduff.
But. uh. I'm in charge
of the music. yeah?
The girl's got skills.
Yeah. and she's
easy on the eye.
But?
She showed up last
week out of nowhere.
She may be legit.
Or she may have more...
Unseemly motives.
Either way. I'm best
keeping her close
For now.
See what you can dig
up on her. will you?
What's in the man purse?
Bits and bobs.
Holy water. police scanner.
Cemetery dirt. duct tape.
What's this?
Oh. oh!
Don't touch.
These...
Are nails from the coffin
Of st. Padua.
Patron of lost souls. Watch.
The nails follow one another.
Tuck one of these
in a bloke's pocket.
You got yourself
a nifty tracking device.
Now. if only I brought
Something to get through
That bloody door.
Oh. my god! I'm so sorry!
Sorry. Clumsy!
It's all right.
Like this?
We've got minutes at most.
Oh. damn it. bernie.
Look at the state of you.
How did you two
know each other?
Well. back in jurassic times.
I fronted a punk band
Called mucous membrane.
Yeah. that's right.
I wasn't always an
upstanding warlock.
Bernie here produced our
first and only record.
He tried his best. but...
To tell you the truth. we
were just a bunch of wankers
Trying to get laid.
And here we are.
Reunited for one
final comeback tour.
Courtesy of...
This!
Hand of glory.
You take the left hand of
a man that's been hanged.
Pickle it in amniotic
fluid for seven years.
Say the right incantation.
and the dead will rise
For as long as
the candles burn.
Here.
Empty this on the floor.
Okay.
Hear me. most unnameable
Of devourers...
He who guardeth
The golden gateway...
I seek an audience
with one in your embrace.
Come on. old sod.
Hold this. Bernie.
bernie! It's john.
Who did this to you?
The voice!
My god!
The voice.
I-I don't understand. bernie.
I don't understand.
On the acetate.
So cold.
No. no. Bring
the hand closer!
Come on. bernie.
don't leave me.
Give me something else.
give me something else. bernie.
Come on.
Moonrise.
Rest in peace. mate.
Are you okay?
I'm just fine. luv.
Just forced one
of my old friends
To relive the worst moment
of his life.
But I'm just fine.
You said that every spell
had its price.
What did
this one cost?
My own mortality.
A few days' worth.
Kind of like
a reverse mortgage.
You do that a lot?
I do what it takes.
Right. we need to find
a library to follow up
On some of
bernie's leads.
A voice. an acetate.
and. uh...
"moonrise." whatever
the bloody hell that means.
Well. my guess is
moonrise records.
See google right here?
Well. bernie was in
the music business.
And back in
the 1930s.
There was a blues record label
by the name of "moonrise."
You don't say.
The owner. marcus mooney.
he's still alive.
We could go pay
him a visit.
Mom?
What are you doing?
Nothing.
I-I was just...
Why are you up?
I had a nightmare.
Aw. baby.
Someone was trying
to take you away from me.
I'm not going anywhere. julilah.
Mom?
Yeah.
What's that?
Hi. we're here
to see marcus mooney.
Visiting hours are over.
Health and human services.
Now. I am sure. tammy. that you
can make an exception now.
Room 2022.
Thank you. now.
That was a neat trick.
It's not a trick.
Magic.
And not
the copperfield kind.
The card's charmed.
It's got a pretty
bloody backstory.
But the gist
of it is...
It takes on the appearance
of whatever its holder requires.
Who are you?
Friends. if you'll have us.
You seem like a friend.
That one's got a...
A shadow dogging his soul.
More than one.
marcus.
I'm john constantine.
I need some help.
I'm here to ask
about the acetate.
Lord. don't tell me
you played it.
No.
But a friend of mine.
he might have.
And now he's dead.
You care to shed some light
on the matter?
You ever heard of...
Willie cole?
A memphis bluesman.
Burned bright in the '30s. and
then just upped and vanished.
I used to produce him.
I had an old recording studio.
I know you like to sing alone.
so I'll leave you to it.
All right.
Willie's legend was.
he sold his soul to the devil.
Never put much stock in that.
¶ shadows gonna rise...
Turns out. the acetate
he was working on...
Recorded something
when he died.
¶ bitch dogs gonna howl...
The voice of the deceiver.
Hmm.
That's an urban legend. mate.
This is real.
Hello?
No.
It's not my path.
You promised!
Wasn't nothing left
except blood.
When I picked up the acetate.
I heard whispers.
I-I-in... In my head.
Voices...
Telling me to do
horrible things.
A-and it was cold...
To the touch.
It was so cold.
Why didn't you destroy it?
Well. don't you
think I tried?
I... Nothing worked.
So I buried it. I...
Hid it. I sealed it up
inside a wall.
And I prayed.
Any idea how bernie
came across it?
Private investigator.
Come to see me just last week.
Knew about the legend.
Wanted to buy the acetate.
The private investigator.
He didn't happen to mention
who he worked for. did he?
Oh. no.
But I saw a name on the check.
"fell."
You did very good. marcus.
I think it's time for me...
To go to my reward.
Why do you say that?
I see an angel
standing there.
Nurse!
Shh...
You recognized that name
marcus mentioned. didn't you?
Fell.
You remember I said that
bernie found some real stars?
Yeah.
Well. the brightest was
a metalhead named ian fell.
Sold his soul.
You don't seem surprised
at the idea
Of old scratch
bartering for souls.
There's one thing
I never understood is
Why he even wants our souls.
The devil used to be an angel.
That's why he's called
the "first of the fallen."
You ask a holy type.
and they'll tell you...
The soul is the purest
expression of god's love.
The spark of creation.
Every time the first takes
a soul. he's exacting revenge.
Paying back the almighty
for casting him out.
I do want to hear you.
I do.
What are you doing?
I'm breaking
into the mansion.
Isn't that illegal?
Almost everything I do is. luv.
Come on.
There he is. that smug tosser.
Whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa!
Don't shout!
And don't squirm.
How did bernie get the acetate?
Acet...?
Bernie was a
friend. ian.
He was a friend.
And if he died as a result
of a deal that you made.
There's gonna be retribution.
Look. man. I don't know anything
about any deal!
A no-talent hack
Turns overnight sensation.
and you're telling me
That you didn't take a shortcut.
Hey. john. something's going on.
I keep smelling jasmine.
Now. this guy is backing out
of a deal. and people are dying.
And you need to own up to it.
He can't.
He didn't
make the deal.
I did.
Jasmine fell.
Off-key backup singer
and loyal spouse.
Ain't love grand?
Jasmine. do we know
these people?
We're not
here to hurt you.
Don't be so sure.
The night's still young.
and bernie's still dead.
This is a nightmare.
Just tell me what's
going on. please.
Yeah. tell him.
Tell him how you entered
into a contract
You're now trying to break
At the cost
of other people's lives.
Just so you could
climb the charts.
That's not it.
No. of course.
Because the money really hurt
your lifestyle. didn't it?
The mega mansion.
the shiny clothes.
Did you even bother to check
the price tag of those shoes?
Ian was dying.
He had cancer.
I didn't see that one coming.
You sacrificed your
soul for his life.
Why don't you show him
the contract. luv?
Do you remember your
first day in the hospital?
They said you had
a month. maybe two.
This man came to me
in the waiting room that night.
He told me his name was anton.
Sounds like a soul broker.
They troll hospitals
for the dying.
I didn't even think it was real.
But I signed it.
Then you went into
total remission.
May I?
Etruscan rune.
This anton...
He may have been a skeevy bloke.
But he had a toe in
the nether realm. all right.
Take a look.
Anton said
When the last words faded.
The first of the fallen
would return to claim
His prize.
So. why try and break
the deal. jasmine?
It wasn't my idea.
Anton got back in touch.
He told me he could
trade my soul back
For the
acetate.
Soul brokers never break a deal.
They lose their right of parley
with the underworld.
Something here
doesn't add up.
So what did
this. uh.
Anton want
you to do?
He wanted me to hunt
down the acetate.
He knew you were a
rock star with money
And endless resources.
And motivation.
This. uh. anton...
When did he expect to lay
his hands on the acetate?
I'm supposed to take
it to him tonight.
He texted me
an address.
Let me take care
of that for you.
I'm your best shot
at ending this nightmare.
Give us a hug. then.
Thank
you.
¶ crows gonna fly
¶ bitch dogs gonna howl
What's that music?
Oh. my god.
Julilah!
¶ reaper man gonna come...
Get away from it!
Oh. my god.
Is she okay?
Look at me. julilah.
Is she okay. jas?
Yeah. yeah.
I think she's okay.
Baby...
Open your heart to the lord
And let yourself be healed.
For god's presence inside you.
In your mind. body and soul...
God has spoken to us
through the scriptures.
We must share the gospel
And spread god's wisdom
To those who have never heard
The word of the lord.
Name it and claim it!
Ah. you must
be anton.
Who are you?
Someone who knows
that soul brokers
Are ambulance
chasers.
Not original thinkers.
Save a human soul?
A wall-licker like you
Don't have the power.
So... What kind of a con
Are you running
on the lady?
There's no con.
Okay?
Just give me the acetate.
I'll give her what she wants.
She wants
Her soul.
And it's not
yours to give.
You traded it
20 years ago
for ian fell's life.
No. don't say his name!
Why not?
You just blew
my deal!
I should've known that
you were behind this.
Papa midnite.
All right.
So... Ian fell.
Thank you. constantine.
At least I know where
to find the acetate now.
Papa midnite.
I didn't take you for a fan
of religious broadcasting.
Unless there's a voodoo channel
I'm missing from
my basic cable package.
On the contrary.
There's a lot these learned men
can teach me.
Like what?
How to trick
a desperate woman
Into using all
her resources
To obtain a deadly
artifact for you?
You know.
That recording. in your hands.
Gives you more power
than I'm comfortable with. mate.
Name it and claim it.
Come again?
It's the basic building block
Of televangelism.
There are promises out there
Waiting for us.
If we only have the courage
To name them and claim them.
That's exactly the kind
of backward thinking
I'd expect from a cheating.
Drug-dealing voodoo priest
like...
Aah!
They tell me this place
used to flourish.
Busy factories
Making things.
Workers
scurrying...
Now it's a concrete graveyard.
All this just to get me alone?
I'm flattered.
But you're gonna have to
respect my boundaries.
I don't do zip ties
without a safe word.
Made of copper.
More than effective
Against your
mail-order magic.
My men are unburdening ian fell
Of his problem as we speak.
Thanks to you.
constantine.
What do you want
with the acetate. midnite?
There's no money it in.
It's an insurance policy.
A get-out-of-hell-free card.
Don't tell me
that's not why you're after it.
You know. I lied.
About ian fell.
For you. lying is easy.
You've been at it so long.
You've forgotten what it's like
to work hard
- For something.
- Ooh....
Ooh... What is that?
Heparin.
An anticoagulant.
You'll have
four hours.
That's if you stay very still
And say your prayers.
A slow death.
But not too slow.
Is that it?
If my two associates
don't return
From fell's with
the acetate.
I want to be able to come back
And question you more...
Aggressively.
Oh...
I always took you for a...
A voodoo priest with a...
A flair for the dramatic.
But a cold-blooded
killer?
I do what's needed.
But I don't need to darken
my soul tonight.
Not with the situation
firmly in hand.
A pharmaceutical dose
of vitamin k.
This will stop the bleeding...
If you can
get to it.
Consider it a show of
Professional
respect.
If you live.
you have worked
Very hard indeed.
If you die.
It will be alone
with your many. many sins.
Great. yeah. Why not?
It's been hours and no word.
Can you get on
that red-eye to chicago?
Yeah. man. I think
we're gonna need your help.
Thanks. chas.
How's julilah?
She's okay.
Finally asleep.
Back up! Move!
I'm gonna make this simple:
Give us the acetate.
or everyone dies.
What acetate?
Don't waste my time.
You don't
understand.
It's very
dangerous.
No!
No. no. no!
Give it to us!
It's cool.
You can have it.
Jasmine. if you give it up...
It's in there.
Just don't touch it
with your bare hands.
Don't tell me
what to touch. bitch.
Midnite said make it clean.
We got what we need.
Oh. my god.
Your friend.
Is smarter
than they are.
So are we.
Midnite should be here
any minute.
Weird.
It's cold.
Can't you
hear it?
The voices?
Put it down. man.
We need to hear it.
They all need to hear it.
We're not supposed
to touch it.
Put it.
put it down.
Let go of me!
¶ there was a poor sod
name of j ¶
¶ for whom he had
nothing to pray ¶
¶ he died all alone
And he bled to the bone...
And for what.
he just couldn't say.
Go on. mate.
Have a bloody nibble.
See what the damned taste like.
Oh. mate.
Mate. you are...
You are a welcome sight.
Do us a favor. cut us loose.
will you?
Lives depend on it.
especially mine.
Hey. what are you
doing with that?
Just cut us loose.
will you. mate?
Good.
No. no. no.
that's-that's my shoe.
Oh. bloody...
What happened?
What happened to
the john constantine
With the cojones
To tell an angel
to go to hell?
Cut me loose and I'll show you.
You celestial
wank.
We've been over that.
You know I can't do it.
I'm bleeding out here.
You know.
I feel your moral compass
wavering. john.
You think
that recording
Might have trade value.
Does it really
surprise you that I...
Want something
a little bit more potent
In my arsenal?
You're not dealing with
Some second-rate hell-spawn.
If that voice belongs
to the first of the fallen.
There is only one true way
To deal with
that record.
Do you have the courage?
Maybe you'll find out...
Once you free me
From these
bloody ties!
You don't need
me for that.
You got this situation
under control.
Next time. I'm gonna punch him.
Hey. mate.
Mate. listen. I've got
something for you.
And it's all yours
if you just...
If you just cut me loose.
It's in my
front pocket.
You won't be disappointed.
I promise.
That's it.
There you go.
Now. you can use that
to buy all the junk
And the deodorant
Or whatever it is
you want to buy.
Just cut me loose.
That's it. mate. yeah.
Just... Cut me loose.
If you're alive.
I can't use the card.
Oh. no. no. uh...
Uh. uh. that's... No. no.
no. you don't want to...
Come on!
God!
Get the hell
out of here!
A hug? Really?
Yeah. I knew that was
out of character for you.
You could have just told me
you planted
The st. Padua nail on jasmine.
You okay?
Yeah.
Just give me those pills
over there. will you?
Yeah.
I knew you'd follow me
into the lion's den.
I just needed you to
stay with jasmine.
For all the good that did.
Midnite's men.
Bloody hell.
That recording...
It's got a demonic energy.
It wants to be played.
Once it gets in
their heads.
They won't be
able to resist.
You bring my bag?
Yeah.
It's in the back
of the truck.
Let's go.
Bastards.
They took it to a club.
gave it a spin.
They just couldn't
resist seeing
What playing the acetate
would do.
Thanks for joining us.
You bring what I asked for?
Headphones. mp3 player.
clean shirt.
Orange juice.
Really?
Got to get your
blood sugar back up.
All right. daddy.
I did what you asked...
I called in a few favors.
A p.I. Friend of mine
ran zed's prints.
Whoever she is. she's not in
any law enforcement database.
I don't know whether that's
a good thing or a bad one.
Well. at least she's
making herself useful.
For now.
Well. this is freddy.
He works as a busboy.
He said he saw
the whole thing.
I don't need his whole
bloody résumé. luv.
Listen.
How did you walk
away from this?
Oh. I'm sorry. mate. Is it
the. uh... Is it the accent?
No.
It's your arrogance.
He's deaf.
What happened?
Says two guys went
into the club...
Into the dj booth.
Everybody went crazy.
Like I said... useful.
The acetate
has its own hypnotic power.
Those guys. they're gonna want
to play that record
To as big as audience
as they can find.
This isn't
midnite's doing.
His boys have
gone off book.
What's the matter?
Don't you see it?
See what. luv?
There's a tiger.
White tiger.
You see a tiger.
I see one. too.
Where?
Scott university tiger radio.
That's where they're going
to broadcast the acetate.
Follow me.
I think we should do
what she says.
All right. but we don't have
to just jump when she says it.
Okay. that's long
enough. Let's go.
You're listening to wixa.
Tiger radio 97.5 fm.
We're almost there.
Who is that?
Everybody. get down!
Step on it.
We only got one set
of headphones.
You two stay out here.
Find a way to get this station
off the grid.
Give me some juice. johnny.
¶ I am an antichrist
¶ I am an anarchist
¶ don't know what I want
but I know how to get it ¶
¶ I want to destroy passerby
¶ 'cause I
¶ want to be
¶ anarchy
¶ no dogsbody
Screw this.
Stand back.
Stand back!
¶ and maybe
¶ I give a wrong time stop
at traffic line ¶
¶ your future dream
is a shopping scheme ¶
¶ 'cause I
¶ I want to be
¶ anarchy
Nice shooting.
Eh. ace of winchester.
Never misses.
Forged by a mystic
in the old west.
I'll bet you got a whole
war chest of toys like that.
Haven't you?
Yes.
And soon one more.
You know
I can't let you take it.
And you know you can't stop me.
Stay right where you are.
You can't stop it.
It needs to be played.
Exorcizámos te.
Ómnis immúnde spíritus.
Ómnis satánic potéstas.
Ómnis infernális adversárii...
What is this?
...In nómine et virtúte
constantine!
Dómini nóstri
Jésu.
What's happening?
There's only one true way
to deal with our recording.
I drew on the disc's
own dark magic
To send it back to
hell where it belongs.
It belongs to me. It's mine!
It belongs to me!
Constantine.
What took so long?
Sorry for the delay.
Took a while
to track this one down.
She's in there.
You need
to help her.
She's almost out of time.
You sure this is gonna work?
In a fashion.
The fallen one will lose his
claim on your wife's soul.
But what
she traded it
For. your health...
Ian. no.
I won't let you do this.
What?
Cancer? Yeah. sure. 20 years ago
I didn't have a shot.
But they have
better treatments today.
And now I got a lot
more to fight for.
All right. rat boy. you're up.
You're the one
that brokered this deal.
You're the only one
who can break it.
Time to eat the contract.
I can't.
If I break a deal
with the dark one...
Sod off!
You've done enough
to hurt these people.
Chew.
When you said
"eat the contract."
you weren't kidding.
Where do you think
the saying comes from?
It's as old as the aramaic
on that rune.
Swallow.
We all negotiate deals
with forces bigger than us.
But who are we truly
negotiating with?
The divine?
Well. it's only natural.
Prayer is one big negotiation
with a higher power.
But in times of true crisis.
We'll make a pact
with whatever forces it takes.
And pay whatever price.